1. the star, whose popularity has brought the brilliant performance of the role of hurrem, is now in her sixth month of pregnancy.
2. after fans of fakhriye evgen saw her 10-year-old photographs, it became clear to everyone that there was a need for aesthetic medicine.
3. turkish media reported that burak ozchivit and fahriye evcen are getting divorced
4. hollywood actress jennifer lawrence is pregnant
5. britney spears announced her engagement to sam asgari
6. nazym abildina got married according to muslim traditions and showed the chosen one
7. britney spears named time's most influential person of the year
8. member of the duet baccara maria mendiola died
9. toregali toreali with a little son in his arms touched kaznet
10. aysaule bakytbek, angry with subscribers for advice about children, announced pregnancy
11. tamara asar with her newborn daughter arranged a bright discharge from the hospital
12. madina sadvakasova bought a luxurious apartment by the sea
13. 45-year-old tamara asar became a mother for the second time
14. saltanat bakaeva and her husband held a gender party
15. kylie jenner announced her pregnancy
16. maksim was first published after an illness
17. britney spears says her father extorted money from her
18. nazym abildina told when her wedding will take place
19. "enough plastic": madonna's new selfie scared some of her fans
20. the actress who played mrs. hudson in "sherlock" dies
21. singer berkut was fined for participating in the opening of timati burger in almaty
22. aikyn and zhuldyz omirgali flew to russia
23. say mo tried on incredible looks in new music video
24. rihanna officially became a billionaire
25. kate middleton and queen elizabeth ii congratulate meghan markle on her birthday
26. “people” magazine published, and celebrities confirmed, actors diane kruger and norman reedus are engaged.
27. scarlett johansson gave birth to her second child
28. ben affleck celebrated his birthday without jennifer lopez
29. michael kors: "you don't have to be famous to be a good designer."
30. kate middleton and prince william went on vacation to their favorite islands